[EDU-6729] update build journey v4 (#1804)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/build-journey/advanced-configurations/multiple-origins.mdx

---

import Tabs from '~/components/tabs/Tabs'
import Apiv4Rollout from '~/includes/snippets/apiv4Rollout/en/snippet.mdx'
import Code from '~/components/Code/Code.astro'

<Apiv4Rollout />

When you [create an edge application](/en/documentation/products/start-with-a-template/), you need to define an origin. However, more complex and robust infrastructures may need multiple origins for the same application. The [Load Balancer](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-connector/load-balancer/) feture allows you to use load balancing algorithms to manage high access numbers and control the behaviors of your origin.

:::caution[warning]
If **Load Balancer** is activated, data transfer could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](/en/documentation/products/pricing/) for more information.
:::

There are separate instructions for API v3 using [legacy Origin](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/domains/) settings and API v4 using the new [Edge Connector](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-connector) product.

:::tip

> If you're not sure which steps apply to your account, see [this guide](/en/documentation/products/guides/verify-account-migration/) to determine if your account has already been migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not sure which steps apply to your account, see [the Verify Your Account Migration to API v4 guide](/en/documentation/products/guides/verify-account-migration/) to determine if your account has already been migrated.
```

---

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.consoleedgeconnector">Console - Edge Connector</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.consoleorigins">Console - Origins</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.apiv4">API v4</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.apiv3">API v3</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.consoleedgeconnector">

Now you need to configure a new **Edge Connector** to link your application to your Edge Storage bucket. To do so:

1. [Access Azion Console](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-azion-console/) > **Edge Connector**.
2. Click the **+ Edge Connector** button.
3. In the **General** section, give your connector a unique and descriptive name (for example, `Multiple Origins Edge Connector`).
4. In the **Connector Type** section, select **HTTP**.
5. Enable the **Load Balancer** switch, this enables you to add multiple addresses.
6. In the **Method** field, select **Round-Robin**.

> 7. In the first **Address** field, specify the primary server. For example, example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the first **Address** field, specify the primary server. For example, `example.com`.
```

9. In the **Server Role** field, keep **Primary** selected.
10. Keep this address **Active**.
11. In the second **Address** field, specify the secondary server. In this case, `example.net`.
12. Due to its lower capacity, in the **Weight** field, add a weight of `2` to this address.
13. In the **Server Role** field, select **Primary**. This address has a lower weight value, the preferred address for connections will be the first.
14. Keep this address **Active**.
15. Add a third origin by clicking the **+ Add Address** button.
16. In the **Address** field, specify the backup origin. In this case, `example.org`.
17. Keep the **Weight** field blank. It'll assume a default value of `1`.
18. In the **Server Role** field, select **Backup**.
19. Disable this address by turning off the **Active** switch.
20. Click the **Save** button.

To activate the Edge Connector in your edge application:

1. Access the **Rules Engine** tab.
2. Edit the default rule or add a new request rule.
3. In the **Criteria** section, to apply the Edge Connector for your whole application, set the **criteria** to `If ${uri} starts with /`.

> 4. In the **Behavior** section, select the Set Edge Connector behavior.

Reviewer: **Set Edge Connector**?

          "http_port": 80,
          "https_port": 443,
          "modules": {
            "load_balancer": {
              "server_role": "primary",
              "weight": 2
            }
          }
        },
        {
          "active": false,
          "address": "example.org",
          "http_port": 80,
          "https_port": 443,
          "modules": {
            "load_balancer": {
              "server_role": "backup"
            }
          }
        }
      ],
      "connection_options": {
        "dns_resolution": "preserve",
        "transport_policy": "preserve",
        "http_version_policy": "http1_1",
        "host": "\${host}",
        "path_prefix": "",
        "following_redirect": false,
        "real_ip_header": "X-Real-IP",
        "real_port_header": "X-Real-PORT"
      },
      "modules": {
        "load_balancer": {
          "enabled": true,
          "config": {
            "method": "round_robin",
            "max_retries": 0,
            "connection_timeout": 60,
            "read_write_timeout": 120
          }
        },
        "origin_shield": {
          "enabled": false,
          "config": null
        }
      }
    }
  }'
  `} />

> 2. You should receive a response confirming the creation of your Edge Connecor, copy the ID filed. This will be used in the following step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You should receive a response confirming the creation of your Edge Connector, then copy the ID field. This will be used in the following step.
```

> 3. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal to create a **Rules Engine** rule, this will bind your Edge Connector to your Edge Application, replacing `<edge_application_id>` variable with the Edge Application ID and `<edge_connector_id>`with the Edge Connector ID you copied previously: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal to create a **Rules Engine** rule. This will bind your Edge Connector to your Edge Application, replacing the `<edge_application_id>` variable with the Edge Application ID and the `<edge_connector_id>`with the Edge Connector ID you copied previously: 
```
